Allah guys got this guy here he has a
ps4 and Xbox 360 so what's up yes show
your face to the camera will you show
your face sure now don't show your hand
I want you to show you like your face
like I'm showing my face I suggest you
show your face oh why you hate your face
yes my oh do you have skype hello well
I'll be right back I have to all my
brothers coming all right i'll show you
my brother all right so um what's your
name my brother told me i'm about to you
you're a nice guy who name is andy
hipster so yeah um so i miss trick twin
brother my name is Jones um so do you
want to speak to my mother again or you
hate him wow do you hate my brother hmm
why you don't eat my brother it isn't
that
right now whoa um my Bordeaux is at his
world he's watching Netflix one out so
yeah I don't know about you but I feel
like the dance so i'ma let me get to
know you about what's your name yes your
name's seals is Jason Jason what's good
name and what day you were born on well
Tony forth the 24th December 24 funny
christmas are you like Jesus or some
pieces ah anyways armies where do you
live reporter new york NYC brooklyn
behati ask me see knows what what's he
on would you set a gate c on what part
of Brooklyn I mean New York you live I
know your birthday but I want to know
like what part of New York ulit my heart
in the world the swings Oh to Brooklyn I
know I just know I'm in work so um see
your taco um you want me to bring
bárbara Lucia
yeah I'll bring my brother back for
y'all see on tacos okay okay stay there
will cluck all right all right hey guys
so I just told the guy he just pure hell
batendo butter beam me up so booking
container homes so let's go now that's
for me he's my twin that's why he looks
like me god I was the hell he's my twin
he's my twin to come in with food why
you can't come in because cuz basically
my brother doesn't like being near me my
brother hates me my brother wish I was
dead hmm I know that's the broader rival
Libra now you can note the difference
between my brother and me you basically
like tassels I just like pizza well I
like tacos a perfectly are you my
brother hi I'm to she'll get you some
cake um so we want to know only my
camera yeah like I get a all right see
no taco oh brother were you doing
nothing seeing taco ok I'm back I got my
own I squeezed out wrong so imagine that
you got framed hey lai la imagen you
just got pranked out I had it brought
her right I'll be so funny
money oh and i never got pine cone wow
you just got pranked yummy I knew
overburden he wasn't my butter